### MU01

First Mento Upgrade in the new setup. Migrates from v1.0.0 to v2.0.0.

#### Summary

Changes to existing contracts:

- StableToken: Allow minting and burning by the “Broker” registered in the Celo Registry.
- SortedOracles: Integrate with the on-chain circuit breaker via the BreakerBox contract and push new medians in order to trigger the verification flow.
- Reserve: Add functionality to allow the reserve to hold any ERC20 token as collateral, not just the native Celo token (wrapped by the GoldToken.sol ERC20 contract).

New contracts:

- Broker: Orchestrates asset swaps in the Mento protocol. It has spending rights on the Reserve and mint/burn rights on the StableTokens. It does not, however, implement any AMM logic itself, but relies on exchangeProviders (contracts that implement the IExchangeProvider interface) to price exchanges. The Broker also enforces trading limits with the help of the TradingLimits library.
- BiPoolManager: Implements the IExchangeProvider interfaces and manages two-asset vAMM pools – a generalization of the Mento v1.0.0 Exchange. The pools must be between a Mento stable asset and, either another Mento Stable asset or a Mento Collateral Asset. The pools can use either a constant sum or a constant product market maker function via the pricing modules.
- ConstantSumPricingModule: a contract that implements the IPricingModule interface. It exposes pricing functions for a constant sum market maker.
- ConstantProductPricingModule: a contract that implements the IPricingModule interface. It exposes pricing functions for a constant product market maker.
- TradingLimits: The library is used by the Broker to keep track of and verify limits on asset net flow over time. It implements a structure and helper functions for two time-based limits and one global limit.
- BreakerBox: The control center of the on-chain circuit breaker. It keeps track of active breakers (contracts that implement the IBreaker interface) and executes the verification loop when SortedOracles pushes a new median for a rate feed. It is queried by the BiPoolManager to ensure that a rate feed is “live” when executing swaps.
- MedianDeltaBreaker: Implements the IBreaker interface. It breaks if the absolute difference between two medians is larger than a configured threshold.
- ValueDeltaBreaker: Implements the IBreaker interface. It breaks if the absolute difference between the median and a configured reference value is larger than a configured threshold.
